README.md, before:

# Awesome ZEIT Integrations

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

This list aggregates the best resources for [ZEIT Integrations](https://zeit.co/integrations).

- [API Clients](#api-clients)
- [Starters](#starters)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Examples](#examples)
### Documentation

- [Official ZEIT Integration Docs](https://zeit.co/docs/integrations/)

### API Clients

- [zeit-api-client](https://github.com/manguluka/zeit-api-client) - API client for the Zeit Platform.

### Starters

- [zeit-integration-starter-offline](https://github.com/manguluka/zeit-integration-starter-offline) - Offline-first starter and component showcase for Zeit Integrations.

### Examples

- [Official integrations from the ZEIT team](https://github.com/zeit/integrations)

## Contribute

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device.
2. Start making changes!

Commit message:

add bash based integration example

README.md, after:

# Awesome ZEIT Integrations

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

This list aggregates the best resources for [ZEIT Integrations](https://zeit.co/integrations).

- [API Clients](#api-clients)
- [Starters](#starters)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Examples](#examples)
### Documentation

- [Official ZEIT Integration Docs](https://zeit.co/docs/integrations/)

### API Clients

- [zeit-api-client](https://github.com/manguluka/zeit-api-client) - API client for the Zeit Platform.

### Starters

- [zeit-integration-starter-offline](https://github.com/manguluka/zeit-integration-starter-offline) - Offline-first starter and component showcase for Zeit Integrations.

### Examples

- [Official integrations from the ZEIT team](https://github.com/zeit/integrations)
- [ZEIT Integration in Bash](https://github.com/manguluka/zeit-integration-bash) Illustrating how simple a ZEIT Integration can be. Working implementation in a few lines of Bash using tools included by default in most unix-like environments

## Contribute

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device.
2. Start making changes!
